
    TinyTcp Public Domain Release

The files in this release contain a simple implementation of
TCP & FTP, suitable for burning into ROM.  It is, in effect,
a big hack put together in two or three days.  It works for
us, though, and you might like it, too.  Warning: the code
was intended for a 68000, and doesn't have any byte swapping
support in it.  Shouldn't be too hard to add, though.

    - Geof Cooper
      Imagen Corporation
      [imagen!geof@decwrl.dec.com]
      April 16, 1986

The package requires some system support:

    clock_ValueRough() - should be a procedure that returns the current
        value of a millisecond clock.  The procedure is called frequently,
        so that interrupts are not needed to service the clock.  Our
        implementation polls the real time timer and assumes that it is
        called frequently enough so that it doesn't miss clock ticks (Since
        the timer is only used for network timeouts, it doesn't really matter
        if it does miss clock ticks, of course).  Systems without a clock
        could probably get by with a procedure that increments a static
        variable and returns it, by adjusting the timeout constants in the
        program.

    Network driver - some network interface  driver is needed.  A driver for a
        3Com multibus (ethernet) board is included; this board isn't made anymore
        (at least not by 3Com), so you'll probably need to write a driver for the
        board in your system.


Guide to source files:

    sed.c - Simple Ethernet Driver - Driver for 3Com multibus card.  If you
            have another type of Ethernet board, you can use this driver as
            a template.

    sed.h - header file for the above.

    arp.c - Implementation of Address Resolution Protocol.  Note that there
            is no arp "mapping" per se.  The higher level code (tcp, in this case)
            is required to keep track of internet and ethernet addresses.

    tinytcp.c - Implementation of TCP.

    tinytcp.h - Header file for above, and for everything else.

    tinyftp.c - Implementation of FTP, only allows files to be retrieved, not sent.
